---
title: first post on github
layout: post
tags: [linkfluence]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Today is my 37th birthday: i left linkfluence just one year ago
[Linkfluence](http://linkfluence.net) and the world ended few weeks ago. well …
i'm in a pretty good shape.

I miss linkfluence a lot! Not only the geek factor (they all are clever people
working on an awesome project) but the high quality management based on respect
and confidence. They deserve their success and i'm really gratefull to Camille
(the CTO) to had give me the chance to be a part of it.

Now i'm back to the [Strasbourg University](http://unistra.fr), working on exciting
related to data integration, library sciences and management of huge
information systems. I developped
[MARC::MIR](https://metacpan.org/release/marc-mir) and
[presented](http://unistra.github.com/talks/) it at [Journées
Perl](http://journeesperl.fr/fpw2012/) and
[YAPC::Europe](http://act.yapc.eu/ye2012/), i have a daily use of
[Perlude](https://metacpan.org/release/perlude) and wrote
[XML::Tag](https://metacpan.org/release/xml-tag) to ease the production of
valid html reports.

After more than a year without a post, it's time to come back to the
blogosphere: i have a brunch of technical posts i really want to share. I
really would like to resurect wwk or [Hyde](https://github.com/Kivutar/hyde), I
felt back to run this blog with jekyll: even if i'm already frustrated by
useless exception messages and my fail to make the perl support of pygments
work, i have to admit the blog was set up and running in half an hour (thanks
to [github](http://github.com) and [Jekyll Bootstrap](jekyllbootstrap.com)) and
i really ant to focus on content.
